# IONIC with Angular Advanced Seed created by Francesc Juille

This project will makes very easy start a new ionic app with good practices, and with translates, mocks handler, web services calls, and very good project structure.

## Project Structure
The project has a similar structure than a project generated by ionic CLI command, but with some additions.
All pages content are in src/app/pages folder. Each page has a structure of 3 subfolders: components, containers, services, and 2 files: module and router-module for handle all page elements.

Container folder is for the root subpages into a page, for example, imagine you have home-page/ route, and home page has 2 other subpages, home-page/edit  and home-page/dashboard, in that case you need to create edit page and dashboard page as a component inside containers folder and update child router. 

Components folder is for create simple small components that containers components uses, for example a slider, button, menu, form...
But an important think to clarify, is very important that this component is only used in this page and no more pages, if is not the case, you need to create this component in common/components.

I know is no easy to understand with this simple splaination, so you can check to source code by yourself for get clear picture.

src/app/common folder is for create all resources that uses 2 or more pages (services, interfaces, components...)

## Services Calls
For call our api services you need to call callService method from http.service (src/app/common/services/api/http.service.ts) it will make more easy http calls and ables you to create a mock environment very easy.
Also this seed has guards already implemented for check if user is login in restricted page. for more info check angular guards oficial documentation

## Development server

Run `ionic serve` for a dev server. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.


## Build

Run `ionic build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `www/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).


